Add context for story point ranges (#21171)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/communications.md

| 8  | Up to a week  |
| 13 | 1 to 2 weeks  |

> > Larger projects are estimated in a way that can sometimes look disproportionate to account for edge cases that weren't caught during planning. This helps us develop iteratively and deliver bite-sized functionality on more predictable time scales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Larger projects are estimated in a way that can sometimes look disproportionate to account for edge cases that weren't caught during planning. This helps us develop [iteratively](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company#results) and deliver bite-sized functionality on more predictable time scales.
```

> > As the number of story points increases, the uncertainty on exact level of effort also increases, sometimes in a way that looks disproportionate at a glance. This is in part because larger tasks have a higher chance of being underspecified (e.g. having edge cases taht weren't caught in planning) than smaller ones. This scale underscores why we develop iteratively: bite-sized functionality is easier to deliver on more predictable time scales.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Larger projects are estimated in a way that can sometimes look disproportionate to account for edge cases that weren't caught during planning. This helps us develop iteratively and deliver bite-sized functionality on more predictable time scales.
```
Good call out here, I reordered the thoughts here with our [writing style](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/communications#writing-style).

Author: Touché. I got sloppy.
